hey YouTube it's Xbox USB monster 60
here today I'm going to be showing you
how to mod your halo wars rank to
whatever rank er recruit or whatever up
to a general first of all things you
need Mario your profile and this modern
gbd it'll be in strips in the
description and it will be uploaded to
megaupload ok special open Mario ok and
if using new Mario Mario 3.2 i'm using
you do this but if using an older
version 1 if you just drag it in drag
and drop then once you've got your
profile up this let's buckle come up and
then you click on file contents and then
you look for the GP ed that's 4 D 5 30
808 GPD right click click replace file
whenever it loads look for your well I
put mine on my desktop you should put
your desktop really easy to find and all
then look for the gpd and yeah it'll do
that once you're pissed then click
rehash design we have one other thing
yeah my game picture it's supposed to be
the death machine power up but it's not
it's act just shoes empanada so on once
you click Rajan genres go and click it
again you x out of it and you can close
everything in mark well you don't lose
everything in Mario you get this right
this is where you have to drag your
profile or if you have to click on that
I don't happen all my USB keep on
clicking like click click click click
click click click and then you will
eventually get to a file it's just this
then click insert file
then go down and work your profile is
insert and double click and Collect yet
replace it if it'll set up and well
that's all you need to and one other
thing once you get on to your xbox
dashboard after putting your profile
back on in your xbox disconnect from
live go over to your system settings and
click clear system cache on your hard
drive then go into halo wars it'll set
up date do not opt it on plate going
down scratch marks going forth by three
seconds or five seconds whatever you
want to do just maybe even build a
warthog just to be sure on go connect
xbox live on you should be general
so that was xbox you speak most chicks
to hear thanks for watching subscribe
and goodbye